Karolinska Institutet University Library (KIB) is a public library, open to all.
Here, anyone who has turned 16 years of age and has a valid Swedish ID can apply for a library card.
If you have a foreign passport you need to show a certificate that you are currently studying at a Swedish university.
Students at KI don't need to apply, just pick up your KI card at the library.
Library cards / KI cards are obtained at the Information desk (Infopunkten).
You need a library card / KI card to make print-outs and copies at the library.
When applying, you must accept our library service regulations.
As a student, you accept our regulations by activating your student account.
If you lose your library card / KI card, it is important that you report it to the library so nobody else can use it in your name.
You can purchase a new library card for 25 SEK at the Information desk.
If you lose your KI card, visit the Information desk and we will arrange a new card.
The normal validity period for a library card is 2 years, after which it must be renewed at the Information desk.
For KI students, the library card is valid for the entire study period.
Books that are not specially marked in the library catalogue have a 21-day loan period.
The loan period for course books is normally 7 days, 11 days if they are sent by post.
Distance students can use the service of borrowing by post.
You can read more under Postal loans in our library service regulations.
Day loans must be returned to the same library unit (Flemingsberg or Solna) from where you borrowed them no later than 8:00 AM on the following weekday.
Day loans borrowed on Fridays are to be returned no later than 8:00 AM on the following Monday. 
All other literature may be returned to any of our libraries that suits you best.
If the library is closed you can use the book drop near the entrance.
Other library service regulations apply to those with reading difficulties.
Read about loan periods and more options for those who require custom literature.
To reserve a book out on loan or to renew the books you have at home, you must first log in to My Account
All 7-day loans (course books) and 21-day loans is automatically renewed two days before the return date, if there is no reservation on the book. 
If the book is reserved by another user, or if a maximum number of lending weeks has passed, a reminder to return the book is sent by e-mail, two days before the last return date.
The maximum time that a 7-day loan (course book) can be renewed is 26 weeks.
21-day loan can be renewed a maximum of 52 weeks.
Day loans cannot be renewed.
At the end of each month, an e-mail is sent for all current loans and reservations and any other communications relating to your loan account.
At any time, you can also check your loans by logging in to My Account.
Books that are not returned or renewed on time carry a fine.
As borrower you are personally responsible for keeping track of when the books are to be returned, even if you are sick or on holiday.
The fine for course books and 21-day loans is 10 SEK per book and day.
The fine for overdue day loans is 20 SEK per hour and book.
If your debt amounts to 100 SEK, your library card is blocked for loans, renewals and reservations until the debt is settled.
You pay your fines by card at the Information desk at the library. 
If you have not returned a book after a longer period of time, an invoice for the replacement fee is sent.
You do not need to pay the invoice if you return the book.
More information on fines and invoices can be found in our library service regulations.
If you do not find what you are looking for in our catalogue, please feel free to submit a purchase suggestion.
KIB is a user-driven library.
In addition to course literature, we procure the material (books, journals, databases) requested by our customers to the extent possible.
If it is not possible to purchase a book, we try to borrow it from another library for you as a student or employee at KI.
Please note that we do not borrow books for students that can be found at another library in the Stockholm area.
Our ambition is to satisfy a variety of needs with respect to study facilities.
There are many open spaces for students to work individually or in groups, but there are also a lot of halls and rooms intended for specific purposes.
The library offers extended opening hours for students and KI staff.
This means you can enter the library before and after regular hours with your KI card.
There are a number of group study rooms in both Solna and Flemingsberg that can be booked by KI students and doctoral students for group work.
You will find 14 rooms in Solna (and one resource room) and 20 rooms in Flemingsberg (and one resource room).
Working alone in a group study room is not permitted as there are plenty of places for individual study in the library.
You can read more about the rules that apply when booking a room.
Group study rooms are equipped with a whiteboard, computer and a large screen to in order to aid tasks within a group.
Whiteboard pens can be borrowed from the baskets in the course book room.
Bear in mind that group study rooms are popular - plan and make your booking well in advance.
Please cancel any booking you do not intend to use.
You can't book or cancel at the Information desk, you manage all your bookings through the website.
There are silent reading rooms for those who want to work completely undisturbed.
Specific rules apply in the silent reading rooms; you may not talk or use a computer, but tablets without keyboards are allowed.
The rule of thumb is that it should be completely silent in the silent reading rooms.
There are 4 computer rooms in Solna and 4 in Flemingsberg where students can study.
Some of them are teaching rooms and may at times be booked by teachers.
Resource rooms are specially equipped rooms for you with some form of reading difficulty.
In order to use the room, you must first have a certificate from the coordinator in Student Affairs.
These rooms contain two computers that run special software and magnification equipment.
The computers run software for speech synthesis, magnification, advanced spell-checking, language dictionary, etc.
Torget, available both in Solna and Flemingsberg, is a public venue suitable for a variety of events.
KI students and staff may book Torget free of charge, but all events must be free, non-commercial, and open to all.
Furthermore, the events should in some way relate to KI's activities.
You may not eat hot food in the library as this can disturb other visitors. 
Please take away your dishes and throw away your trash.
Always ensure that you respect other students and talk in a normal tone.
In order to print, copy and scan you need a student account, and preferably a KI card for faster management.
If you're not a student, you need a library card with a corresponding computer login.
The library computers can be used by all visitors.
As a KI student or employee, you use your KI-login to log in.
As an external visitor you use the credentials you receive when you get your library card.
Please note that computers in computer rooms and group rooms are reserved for KI affiliated. 
Some users might need to change keyboard language to Swedish.
See the instructions on how to change keybord language on the library's computers.
As a student or employee at KI you can use the wireless network Eduroam, which extends over large areas of the campus.
We recommend using eduroam because you don't have to log in every time you connect.
Eduroam is an international collaboration and is available at many universities and public places (airports, for example) around the world.
The computers in the computer rooms are only for KI's students and doctoral students.
If you are not KI-affiliated, use the standalone computers in the library.
All students get a student account wich gives you access to several e-services at KI.
A few weeks before the semester starts you can activate your student account at KI.
The student account consists of a username and a password and an email address.
Have you studied at KI before but have forgotten your login details, you will find useful information under Forgot the password to the student account?
You can also contact Student IT if you have trouble changing your password, or have forgotten your password.
You have access to your student account (student e-mail, Ping Pong and other systems) two semesters after you have finished your studies at KI. 
Make sure to save copies of material (emails, documents at Ping Pong and OneDrive, home catalogue etc) you want to keep before the account is closed down.
Access to Office 365 and library resources are closed as soon as your studies are finished.
More information about the student account can be found at the KI website.
Ladok is a web service where you can check reported grades and print official transcripts of your study results and a certificate of study registration, in both Swedish and English.
Everything you print from Ladok is verified certificates and can be sent to any authoritiy or other universities.
As a student at KI you can access your documents saved in the catalogue connected to your student login from home or the wireless network.
We recommend that you work with your documents through your home catalogue since we do daily backups and can secure that nothing is lost.
There are two resource rooms in the library, one in Flemingsberg and one in Solna.
The resource rooms can be used for study or individual examinations.
These rooms contain two computers that run special software and magnification equipment. 
The computers run software for speech synthesis, magnification, advanced spell-checking, language dictionary, etc.
You have the opportunity to receive course literature in the talking book, large print, e-text or braille formats.
You can download talking books directly to your computer or smartphone from the MTM's (Swedish Agency for Accessible Media) website.
You will need a user account in order to download.
The library will create one for you, as well as give you an introduction on usage.
Email us at ub@ki.se to book an appointment.
If you for some reason can't download yourself or need large print, e-text or braille, please use the order form instead.
If your course literature has not already been scanned, you can request scanning.
It takes two months to produce a talking book or braille book, but you can get parts delivered as the book is being scanned.
An e-text book is produced in five weeks.
You may borrow course book for two weeks, with the opportunity to extend this period.
Your teacher can borrow a computer for exams at the library's Information desk.
The loan period is two days.
The computer can only be used for writing and it does not have access to Internet or other networks.
You can save your document on the USB stick.
Your teacher is responsible for transferring the document and delete files from the USB stick before the computer is returned to the Information desk. 
The computer must be returned at the same library as borrowed.
If you want help with small or large written assignments, you can book an appointment with Academic Writing Support.
As a new student, the library is an important part of the introduction to KI, as we produce your KI card and support if you should run into any IT troubles.
Your KI card serves as your access card, library card and printing card.
After you have activated your student account you can come in to library and obtain your KI card.
By activating your student account, you have approved our library service regulations.
Please note that the access function of the card starts once the semester starts.
Once at the library, go to the photo booth.
Follow the instructions on the screen.
When you are done, go to the Information desk in close proximity to the photo booth and obtain your card by showing identification.
There may be queues when a new semester is starting.